Once upon a time there was a courageous girl called Kathy Zeus. She was on the way to see her Mathias Lakeman, when she decided to take a short cut through The Amazon Rainforest.
It wasn't long before Kathy got lost. She looked around, but all she could see were trees. Nervously, she felt into her bag for her favourite toy, Ted, but Ted was nowhere to be found! Kathy began to panic. She felt sure she had packed Ted. To make matters worse, she was starting to feel hungry.
Unexpectedly, she saw a naughty kitten dressed in a purple bowler hat disappearing into the trees.
"How odd!" thought Kathy.
For the want of anything better to do, she decided to follow the peculiarly dressed kitten. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.
Eventually, Kathy reached a clearing. She found herself surrounded by houses made from different sorts of food. There was a house made from swedes, a house made from biscuits, a house made from doughnuts and a house made from fruit gums.
Kathy could feel her tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease her hunger.
"Hello!" she called. "Is anybody there?"
Nobody replied.
Kathy looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.
A cackle broke through the air, giving Kathy a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Ted!
"Ted!" shouted Kathy. She turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"
The witch just shrugged.
"Give Ted back!" cried Kathy.
"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.
"At least let Ted out of that cage!"
Before she could reply, three naughty kittens rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the clearing. Kathy recognised the one in the purple bowler hat that she'd seen earlier. The witch seemed to recognise him too.
"Hello Big Kitten," said the witch.
"Good morning." The kitten noticed Ted. "Who is this?"
"That's Ted," explained the witch.
"Ooh! Ted would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the kitten.
The witch shook her head. "Ted is staying with me."
"Um... Excuse me..." Kathy interrupted. "Ted lives with me! And not in a cage!"
Big Kitten ignored her. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.
The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."
Big Kitten looked at the house made from fruit gums and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from fruit gums if I wanted to."
"That's nothing," said the next kitten. "I could eat two houses."
"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Ted."
Kathy watched, feeling very worried. She didn't want the witch to give Ted to Big Kitten. She didn't think Ted would like living with a naughty kitten, away from her house and all her other toys.
To be continued